NMS-13448: Fix doc character escaping (#3539)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/service-assurance/monitors/HttpMonitor.adoc

| header[0-9]+         | Additional headers to send with the request. +
                           Example of valid parameter names are +
                           header0, header1, and header180. `header`is not a valid parameter name.             | n/a
| host-name            | Specify the `host` header value to include in the request. | n/a
| nodelabel-host-name | If the host-name parameter isn't set and the resolve-ip parameter is set to false,
                           then {page-component-title} uses the node's label to set the `host` header value if
                           this parameter is set to true. Otherwise, {page-component-title} falls back using
                           the node interface's IP address as `host` header value.                                   | false
| password kbd:[{}]
       | Specifies the password to use. Use this parameter with the user parameter to perform basic +
                           authentication. The user and password parameters are ignored when the basic-authentication parameter is defined.                | empty string

> | port              | A list of TCP ports to try connection on.                                     | 80,8080,8888

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| port              | A list of TCP ports to try to connect to.                                    | 80,8080,8888
```
